how not to mention links
this ruinous giving the start the actions barcelona came from a bad
Streak had failed to get wins
because you but benítez the technician of the team of the sporting quito
barcelona was happening
urged of triumphs came
to the sporty quito in the monumental stadium
and here receives the yellow in my tenorio
after a lack
about if the front of the sporty quito
and the referee decreed the maximum penalty
luis saritama changed the penalty for one
penalty goal was beginning to win
the sports one quito in the olimpíyski in the monumental one of barcelona
and the public
I was again
with the uncertainty of what could happen a few days before he had resigned
team president
bullfighter
after a defeat in a classic he had left
He sent the economist Gaul Royero and here Barcelona in another bad afternoon very little
sic people and the stadium
lousy year
start of Barcelona and here I was losing again now scarce
nevertheless the Barcelona would have the opportunity to arrive at the tie when
it's just a former player
equal situation
to be gay
primark the tie
there is no better wedge than the same suit rent a sample of that
yoni baldión that entered
in a day
the brand
sioni ballón scored the goal of the team of barcelona
mutually
ex barcelonistas
edwin villafuerte
changed shirts faced
with another shirt
but here I will make bayón put the tie
some tranquility
in actions of the second stage he lets himself steal the ball marcelo velasco for him
gil soto
He measures right the Colombian Victor Opone
and already his deceased
won at the beginning of the
here puts the second and zavala
of the victory emelec barcelona
in the 2006 championship
elkin soto the winner derived the ball to marcelo velasco
paint on the line
observes bonilla before the brand of matamba
puts the second
Barcelona wins wins its first victory in the tournament
annotation of the Colombian víctor bonilla
the state increase the repetition barcelona
trillo pp
showed up
back of baseball
power to stumble and víctor bonilla
a few meters away
it was the second daughter
one more leonardo soledispa
a true golazo
board was very high
there he received the habilitation he went long to tampa and to a turn
soledispa to leave totally defeated and without reaction h villafuerte
it was inaugurated nevertheless when they were few seconds of fight is marcelo
candlesco head that puts the second only for statistics and for the
final score because I did not have any options
was finishing the match with Barcelona victory by 3 goals to 2
marcelo velasco anticipated caicedo
that would be the definitive marker
barcelona 3
their titles have been practically played in shanghai
none